Let's look why an EC2 instance
would have trouble to be launched.
So if you get an instance limit exceeded error,
that means that you have reached
the max number of vCPUs per region.
So when you launch an EC2 instance,
it has a specific number of vCPUs,
and there are limits for on-demand
and spot instances for vCPU.
So the resolution, in case you reach that limit,
is to launch either the instance in different region
where the limits will be reset,
or to request AWS to increase your limits in the region.
And just so you know, the vCPU-based limits
only apply to running on demand and spot instances.
So we can see this in two ways.
First of all, if we go to limits on the left-hand side,
and then we look for vCPU, we have two limits to look at.
So the first one is this one,
all standard spot instance request,
which is limited to 64 vCPUs.
That means that once we reach that number,
then we will have an error.
And if you scroll down,
there's a running on-demand all standard.
So again, 64 vCPUs, okay?
And in case you wanted to increase that limit,
you could click on here to request a limit increase.
There's also a way for you to calculate the vCPU limit
using this calculator, but I won't go over it.
And another way to look at it
would be the service quotas console,
which is a very cool service.
So you would go into the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud,
Amazon EC2, and then you would look for
standard, the keyword standard.
As you can see, all standard spot instance request
has a 64 limit,
and running on-demand as well is a 64 limit.
And if I click on it, we can have a look at
what is the value and the quota value,
and then we can request a quota increase.
Now, how do we know how many VCPUs
get launched by each instance?
Well, if we go and launch an instance,
we can find out how many vPCUs
based on instance type by going into instance type,
and then click on compare instance types.
And in here,
you have the instance type versus number of vCPU.
For t2 micros, we can see we have one vCPU.
But if you choose an instance such as the c9,
c5 9xlarge, we have 36 vCPU.
So using this instance type,
it would quickly reach the limit.
The second kind of troubleshooting issue
is if you get an insufficient instance capacity.
So if you get this error,
that means that AWS has not enough capacity
for on-demand in the particular AZ
where the instance is launched.
This is not a problem on you, this is a problem for AWS.
So a resolution for this error can be multiple.
For example, you can wait a few minutes
before requesting again
in case there is more capacity added to that particular AZ.
Or you can, for example, request less instance at a time.
For example, say you're requesting 10 instances in an AZ,
but it's not possible,
then maybe break it down into smaller requests,
or make a request for a different instance type,
for example, something completely different,
and that you can resize later.
As we can see, we can resize our instances.
Or obviously, please try to launch the request
in a different AZ
if that's something that is acceptable to you.
And finally, if the instance that you launch
terminates immediately,
so it goes from permanent from pending
right away to terminated, that means a couple things.
You either reach your EBS volume limit, so check this out,
or your EBS snapshots you're launching,
your instance from is corrupt,
or the route EBS volume is encrypted
and you do not have permissions
to access the KMS key for decryption.
Or if it's an AMI instance, store-backed AMI,
then maybe it's missing a part.
So to find the exact reason,
you should check out the EC2 console of AWS,
which will give you in the description tab
the reason why there was a trouble,
a termination of your instance directly, okay?
But you need to remember all that I said to you,
so the instance terminate, the instance capacity,
and instance limit going into the exam.
So that's it.
I will see you in the next lecture.